you also touch on that I mean there's
you're a lot of these people or fucking
sketchy folks and you're exposing how
stupid their activity were does that
does that ever creeped you out ever get
nervous like because you're making these
documentaries mocking these people and
you know rightly so but it's not cocaine
Cowboys we're really mocking is more
exposing but this one it's like openly
mocking this one's really good man it's
really funny and he comes out March 29th
yes Cerf right now yeah and uh April 5th
on VOD mmm yeah well this one's this
one's tough because this is like a fresh
wound from Netflix march'd window Theo D
I'm sorry theatres March 29 okay and VOD
April 5th so like iTunes Amazon review
on your cable box
what kind of release you're gonna get in
the theaters I'm starting off with 12
cities on Friday the 29th and then I
mean it's an island oh yeah for sure at
the Laemmle Music Hall Oh three grand um
and then where else I think San
Francisco Boston Miami Orlando if
there's like 12 cities and then I guess
depending on how well it does it's being
put out by Greenwich Entertainment who
just won the Oscar for free solo for
Best Documentary so they know what
they're doing and like I said hopefully
people will go see it and listen it I
hope it's a comedy I think it's common
it's a common we tried to make it happen
laughing oh what the fuck man that
fucking guy the the Tanner was his name
again Porter for sure Porter that guy
like what I just imagine if you got one
of those guys in your life and he's just
stuck in your life like shit how do I
get this fucking guy out of my life and
the fact that he borrowed money from
this guy and then did loan money well
loan money to this guy yeah Porter
loaned it to Tony yeah oh this Tony
borrowed money if this order and then
didn't pay him and that's what caused
this whole thing it is Alex Rodriguez
has got to be pulling his fucking hair
out go what in the fuck and and Alex was
paying everybody so was MLB I mean
everyone was running amok in Miami
mmm-hmm like just hiring private
investigators running people down Alex
Rodriguez actually this isn't in the
documentary but um when
and these convicted felons stole the
stolen documents from Porter Fisher who
had stolen the documents from Tony Bosch
they set him up in this whole fucking
tanning salon heist they're like hey why
don't you go in and try this new spray
tan color it's it's trumpian Orange go
try it on
and while he's in the fucking spray tan
machine they open his car and steal
these documents which has had these
client lists of all these famous
baseball players including the
highest-paid baseball player in the
world a-rod and so they steal it and
then they turn around and sell these
stolen documents to Major League
Baseball for cash so MLB has this ragtag
band of misfits these this internal FBI
like their own internal investigations
division that they created after the
BALCO steroid scandal they're running
amok
they are seducing nurses former nurses
from Tony Bosh's clinics they are
literally in diners with convicted
felons handing over bags of cash from
some MLB slush fund I don't imagine they
were gonna 1099 the guy and I don't know
where this cash came from 125 grand and
what they did was is that the felon who
was doing it had a buddy at a
neighboring table at this diner with his
cell phone recording video recording
this transaction and then he turned
around and went to a rods camp
and said I'll sell you a video of me
selling known stolen documents everybody
knew these documents were stolen so mo
B's buying these stolen records stolen
evidence in a state of Florida
Department of Health investigation for
cash from a felon at some point he gets
like freaked out and nervous and he
deletes this video off the hard drive he
winds up selling a-rod a blank hard
drive for six figures okay
and Arad sends this hard drive he rides
people send this hard drive around the
world to like data recovery services to
try to get this video back so
unfortunately the felon didn't get his
second six-figure payment because that
was that was the first six figures were
against
the recovery of the deck but he got like
two 300 grand to sell a rod a blank hard
drive and a rods dropping money on
private investigators who are like
having car chases through South Miami it
was just totally crazy and it's like I
always say like you come down to the
swamp and roll around you're gonna get
some mud on you so when MLB came down to
to Miami when the guy Jerome Hill the
the former Baltimore cop turned Florida
Department of Health investigator he he
says unequivocally that Major League
Baseball's investigators broke the law
in the state of Florida and should have
been prosecuted for it and held
accountable for it and never and never
were I mean it's good to be a
multi-billion dollar monopoly how old
was a rod when the scandal broke a rod
was definitely towards the end of his
career and so that's the interesting
thing about coz let's be real I don't
give a shit about steroids in baseball
and this era of steroids in baseball was
not the same as the other you know the
Barry Bonds
you know era of steroids in baseball
these were not guys you know with necks
the size of my waist or anything really
Michael dozer they were micro dosing and
it was HGH in testosterone and a lot of
these guys I mean listen they're there
their livelihoods are contingent upon
your their physical performance yes and
so you got to play like what is it 162
games in 180 days it's the most
physically grueling schedule of any of
the of the professional sports and guys
have always been looking for an edge in
the 1950s the Yankees were going out the
Copacabana all fucking night
apparently okay there's an adderall
issue with baseball as well absolutely a
disproportionate number of baseball
players compared to the general
population on adderall support that's
why I said it's a performance of course
dancing drug but you had guys like
Mickey Mantle and whitey Ford and Billy
Martin partying all night at the
Copacabana they have to make a 1 p.m.
game maybe even a double-header they're
doing greenies they're doing em feta
means it's always been a part of
baseballs finding that edge now you got
guys who are just looking to maybe
recover a little faster you know who are
from from injuries or fatigue you're
looking for guys who are looking to
maintain peak performance for a longer
period than their bodies
might have otherwise allowed um is it
that big of a deal I don't know it's not
and it's it's it's a weird deal it's a
weird thing that we have an issue with
like you've look if they did the same
sort of stringent testing with NFL
players you would find out that
everyone's on steroids that's just a
fact you don't get people that big and
they do catch them every now and then
but I feel like it's like one of those
things we're like you know the drug
cartels they'll let some drug drug
shipments get busted so that the other
ones will get through I almost feel like
that's what they do with with NFL
players to get caught like oh look we're
testing we got somebody dude that's what
that's what this was with a rod you know
Bud Selig is the steroid commissioner
full-stop that's the bottom line his
tenure was marked by the famous you know
Derby or yeah well mark Warren Sammy
Sosa absolutely so he knowingly I
believe um exploited and profited from
that era of baseball that really saved
them after 94 players strike I mean base
most look at the size of those guys
where they started yeah yeah I mean so
many of them they literally the
documentary we morph them from like a
before and after because there it did
they come into fucking baseball monsters
smacking balls to Guantanamo for Christ
I know what's interesting to me is as
some people recovered from that stuff
and some people did not Jose Canseco
never recovered he never recovered in
the public eye and that's why he's so
pissed like that's why the and it's
fucked up when you when you're the
pioneer in something people really and
dude they had a street named after him
in in Miami
yeah they quietly took that shit down in
the middle of the night after decades of
naming that street firm he was just
totally humiliated and I think it's also
because he ratted out a lot of guys but
so did a-rod a-rod leaked names to try
to distract or defuse but it turned out
a book yeah but like it's the public
nature of can psychos book mmm it's like
I don't know I'm just guessing but his
book was like his book turned out to be
like the Jose Canseco's book about
steroids turn out to be like the steel
dossier of baseball like everybody
thinks is pissed and thinks a bunch of
bullshit and then over time it slowly
proven true
right at the end there's a P tape yes I
think that metaphor yeah well that's